chr7	55213838	55213838	G	A	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	MELA-AU|1|183|0.00546	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55213918	55213918	A	C	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	0.5870	rs2072453	-	0.552316	-	0.681	-	-	LAML-KR|1|205|0.00488	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55213930	55213930	C	T	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	PBCA-US|1|186|0.00538	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55213966	55213966	C	T	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	MELA-AU|1|183|0.00546	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55213974	55213974	T	A	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSN9994260	-	OV-AU|1|93|0.01075	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,ICGC,
chr7	55214116	55214116	A	G	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSN26435820	-	COCA-CN|1|321|0.00312	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,ICGC,
chr7	55214147	55214147	G	A	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	0.0003	rs185002163	-	0.000599042	-	-	-	-	COCA-CN|1|321|0.00312	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55214148	55214148	C	-	intronic	EGFR	unknown	deletion	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSN20047352	-	BTCA-JP|1|239|0.00418	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,ICGC,
chr7	55214178	55214178	G	A	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	SKCA-BR|1|100|0.01000	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55214188	55214188	T	C	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	0.0201	rs17289672	-	0.014976	-	0.043	COSN17141419	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,
chr7	55214212	55214212	G	T	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	LICA-CN|1|402|0.00249	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55214240	55214240	C	A	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	LIRI-JP|1|258|0.00388	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55214246	55214246	G	T	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	LICA-CN|1|402|0.00249	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55214248	55214248	G	A	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	8.193e-06	-	rs200680079	8.292e-06	-	-	-	-	-	MELA-AU|1|183|0.00546	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55214292	55214292	C	T	intronic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	SKCA-BR|1|100|0.01000	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55214303	55214303	C	T	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM3639723	SKCM|1|368|0.00272	SKCM-US|1|335|0.00299	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214312	55214312	C	T	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	3.656e-05	-	rs199637112	3.298e-05	-	-	-	COSM3881803	STAD|1|395|0.00253,STES|1|395|0.00253	STAD-US|1|289|0.00346	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214312	55214312	C	G	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	4.062e-06	3.231e-05	rs199637112	8.245e-06	0.000199681	-	-	-	-	-	Lung_cancer	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ClinVar,
chr7	55214315	55214315	C	T	exonic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	1.218e-05	-	rs138946543	2.473e-05	-	-	-	COSM4680393	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214316	55214316	G	A	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.0	1.0	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM1090861	UCEC|1|248|0.00403	UCEC-US|1|250|0.00400	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214318	55214318	G	A	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM3778505	BLCA|1|396|0.00253	BLCA-US|1|133|0.00752	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214319	55214319	C	T	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.023	0.169	4.061e-06	3.23e-05	rs774146556	8.243e-06	-	-	-	COSM3412169	GBM|1|290|0.00345,GBMLGG|1|820|0.00122	GBM-US|1|276|0.00362	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214320	55214320	G	A	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.352	0.185	8.123e-06	-	rs759532524	8.242e-06	-	-	-	COSM6005513	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,
chr7	55214322	55214322	T	G	exonic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	0.549	0.007	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM4992961	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214340	55214340	C	T	exonic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM5530401	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214348	55214348	C	T	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	0.5112	0.5053	rs2072454	0.5090	0.475439	0.5151	0.551	COSM6190677	COAD|2|367|0.00545,COADREAD|2|489|0.00409,GBMLGG|2|820|0.00244,LGG|2|530|0.00377,LUAD|1|543|0.00184,	COCA-CN|2|321|0.00623,ESCA-CN|1|332|0.00301,LAML-KR|3|205|0.01463,LICA-CN|1|402|0.00249,PRAD-US|1|25	Lung_cancer|not_specified	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ClinVar,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214349	55214349	G	A	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.607	0.019	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	ACC|1|90|0.01111	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	TCGA,
chr7	55214352	55214352	G	A	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.014	0.003	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM3412170	GBM|1|290|0.00345,GBMLGG|1|820|0.00122	GBM-US|1|276|0.00362,LICA-FR|1|252|0.00397	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214354	55214354	G	A	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM3665268	-	ESAD-UK|1|301|0.00332	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,ICGC,
chr7	55214367	55214367	C	T	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.153	0.995	5.685e-05	3.231e-05	rs587778252	2.473e-05	-	-	-	COSM252488	-	-	not_specified	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ClinVar,COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214368	55214368	G	A	exonic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	0.779	0.019	2.437e-05	-	rs761795138	3.297e-05	-	-	-	COSM1205053	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214372	55214372	C	T	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COCA-CN|1|321|0.00312	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ICGC,
chr7	55214388	55214388	T	C	exonic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	0.662	0.001	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM5002067	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214393	55214393	C	G	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM4836907	CESC|1|194|0.00515	CESC-US|1|194|0.00515	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214397	55214397	A	G	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.319	0.031	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM4384113	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214399	55214399	C	T	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	8.122e-06	3.23e-05	rs749002473	1.65e-05	-	-	-	-	-	-	Lung_cancer	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ClinVar,
chr7	55214404	55214404	C	T	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.154	0.003	8.122e-06	-	rs770290445	8.249e-06	-	-	-	-	DLBC|1|48|0.02083	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	TCGA,
chr7	55214405	55214405	G	A	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	0.0052	0.0196	rs17336437	0.0064	0.0191693	0.0234	-	-	-	-	Lung_cancer	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	ClinVar,
chr7	55214408	55214408	G	T	exonic	EGFR	nonsynonymous	SNV	0.986	0.0	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM122788	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214411	55214411	C	T	exonic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM5407715	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,
chr7	55214414	55214414	C	T	exonic	EGFR	synonymous	SNV	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM3923804	SKCM|1|368|0.00272	SKCM-US|1|335|0.00299	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,TCGA,ICGC,
chr7	55214433	55214433	T	C	exonic	EGFR	unknown	SNV	0.042	0.003	-	-	-	-	-	-	-	COSM5358038	-	-	-	-	integument phenotype	Squamous cell carcinoma of head & neck |Reduced transcription|Lymph node metastasis and high-grade tumours in breast cancer, association with|Lung cancer, susceptibility to|Lung cancer, association with |Lung cancer prognosis, association with|Lung cancer|Glioblastoma, risk, association with|Gefitinib toxicity, association with|Acute coronary syndrome, association with|Altered transmembrane signaling|Bladder cancer, association with |Breast cancer, association with|Colorectal carcinoma prognosis, association with|Dilated cardiomyopathy, association with	COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,COSMIC,
